Hey guys what's up with this story of what we're going to be doing is showing you how to get up and
running with a basic high speed on a Web site as well as using re-act babbling well-packed which is
really the three tools you're going to use a lot.
Whenever you're going to be writing Riak code you're going to be able to compile your javascript and
your notes on the web in order to be able to handle your modules.
And we'll get into that more as we go into this.
But it isn't just going to be pretty much a one video demonstration of how you would want to merge it
really just give a suggestion of how you could set up your project to use both speed and reacting and
with speed on that.
We're obviously going to be using C-Sharp which is Microsoft's flagship language it's their most popular
language by far and I wrote one of his top five languages out right now probably.
So in order to be able to follow along on this you're going to need to have something to write your
code in.
And since we're using XP now you're probably going to want to use Visual Studio and there's a free version
so you can download that here at this web page.
You can also get that done at Corbridge ever using actually gotten that 4.5.
I've not done that core but the it will come with your install so just go out and make sure you have
Visual Studio installed.
The next thing you're going to need is you don't need to have no chance install because that's how we're
going installing tools like battling with pack and react.
So make sure both of these aren't all of your machine.
I'm going to be using Windows.
We can probably follow along just fine on a Mac or Linux machine to.
So once you have Visual Studio installed and I went ahead and opened it here you would be greeted with
this start page and it's what we're going to do is just go to file new and create a new project and
then inside here what I'm going to do is just you can highlight web if you want so you have less options
to deal with.
And we're not going to be using Corrigan reviews and gotten that 4.5.
So that's why I'm selecting this version here.
You're going to want to go out and create a place to put it here.
I'm not going to use a repository that's just beyond the scope of this.
This tutorial here I like to put my projects in a folder on my C drive just so I have a safe place to
reference them and put them right in here.
So I have a C-sharp folder already here something I go it and just select the folder and here the name.
This is the name of the project that you're going to be titling so for your case it's going to be react.
I don't know I guess I'll just call re-act demo.
I click OK.
And now here what we want to do is like to MVC.
But we're going to do actually running on empty.
We don't want to have any of the boilerplate or any of the stuff that it comes with.
So we just get it empty empty website.
I'm not going to add unit tests.
That's probably beyond the scope of what I'm trying to demonstrate here so let's just select the empty
click OK.
Our answer here didn't set up the project for us there's not much here on the right hand right hand
side here.
The solution explores where are your actual contents of your project are located.
There's a lot of Microsoft specific stuff in here that might be confusing if you've never gotten started
with has been on that before.
Like the web config and just.
Well that's probably because it's empty.
There's not going be too much confusing stuff.
But how do we have selected the regular is put on that Web site you can have authentication and everything
all built in it working for you and that can be sometimes difficult to figure out what's going on there.
But let's go ahead and create our controller because what we want to do is when the application starts
we want to just go ahead and have an initial reading page.
So I'm going to go ahead and write a book on the project and I'll just say and I say nubes scaffold
that item and we want to grab an NBC control and we're just going to say that it's empty.
And we'll call it the default control or that's fine.
So I went ahead and added quite a bit of stuff that our project needs because now that it knows that
you were to the controller it's like oh we need to add all this other stuff like Route config.
We'll get into that in just a second but this is actually how your application is able to hit the controllers
that you add to the project.
This just explains how the routing is supposed to work because you can customize that quite a bit.
But we're not going to get into too much of this basic stuff and really it's not basic at all it's just
it's what every project and aspect on need.
So at least from VC dot net and just we don't need to dissect all those pieces here.
We just want to get in and get moving on because this is mostly about how to integrate react with your
input on a project.
So let's go ahead and up in the controller's folder there is now the default controller and you can
see that we're turning this view.
So we have just one index and in order to return something because right now we're going to return essentially
nothing because there is no view and the default folder down here in the view.
So we want to create a shortcut to be able to do that if you have this control or file writing hover
over view and right click and then just say add a view and then here this is all going to go with the
default.
We want to have the index match the the method name which is indexed so make sure that those those because
it has data has to match up otherwise it's not going to go to find the right template.
And we also want to have this use a layout page selected So we're going to go ahead and select the layout
page that supposed to use and that's going to be right here.
And the reason why we use lay out pages is just for code reuse.
That way if there's a lot of stuff that all the pages share you can have that sitting in the layout
and just have the you know the pages that derive from that not use everything or not have to duplicate
all that stuff it's in the layout because it just uses the layout plus you know the additional code.
I'll just want that more detail.
Good point.
And so this is going to add or review and you can see now under the default folder where used to be
indicators how an index file and this is going to be.
What has changed is to react Tauriel
and inside here this is actually called Razor syntax you know.
In fact if you've never used the on that you probably want to follow along on a different tutorial before
you even get to this because this is mostly once again about how to integrate react with
I able to do those customize this layout folder or the layout file also inside shared the layout.
We're going to take on some of the stuff that I don't want in the project right now.
Take out those two lines down here of integrating get rid of this stuff here.
We do want this render section down here.
So I do want to keep that in I also want to copy this line and I'm gonna put it at the top of the head
here.
We're actually at the bottom of the head.
And inside we're going to change the name of it.
And the reason why is because we want to have two sections that we're going to use that we have the
footer section and the head section and that's all we're going here.
We got to change your application and so will say retire.
Obviously it's still to me.
All right.
And go out and just click play but before we do that let's
let's go and click on
things that kind of slow.
So what finally actually opens up we don't have this this rube file pointing to our default template
but if we went ahead and we did a forward slash and just the default for the name of our controller
that we created.
Now you're actually going to hit the tutorial that we changed and because we took out all the seats
and everything like there's no there's no styling here so let's get it fixed that real quick and just
so we know what's going on inside the layout.
I'm going to go ahead and go to the contact folder and we want to try again bootstrap and then under
that we also want a dragon in the site.
Yes now this was actually happening under the covers but wanted to explain really just I didn't want
any sort of magic when I just wanted to be very explicit about what files and everything are being loaded
because we're using bootstrap.
We also need to actually use both J-20 and whose sharp bootstrap require Shinwari.
So let's go ahead and bring that in.
First of all you have to do is just click and hold and it will actually map it for you and everything
and then drag and bootstrap here.
All right.
So we should be able to just close it down so let's just go out and stop it and rerun it so that we
can open in the browser.
And you can see that we have a much better styling this time and it's even responsive so that you have
the responsive navigation which there is no items there.
But any way that that is working.
So we want to fix that issue where it's opening up the first page and it's not actually finding it.
What we do is go into our config which is in the app store folder and we go click on that.
Inside this is instantiation code right here.
Well we want to do is adding another argument which is controller and then we're going to with the name
of the controller that we wanted to default to which was our default controller.
And then now we go out and start it it's actually once you find that default controller.
So we want to put that in the user.
We can just find it for us and go right there from the root directory.
There
is another we have that out of the way.
Let's go into our project folder structure here.
And what I want to do inside the scripts is actually where I'm going to put our re-asked project.
I'm going to create a folder inside of here and we're just going to pull it out.
We have folder
and let's go to navigate to where that's located.
So here's the whole reactor in my folder so if I if I go you can send to send some of my projects for
you right.
Put this project.
So if I go inside all of the scripts scripts scripts scripts scripts Well then I'm going to go inside
it react folder and this address bar type in cmd and it's going to be a shortcut to open up your command
prompt to that folder.
Now what I want you to do is if you install the nodes like you like I told her to be getting in the
video then you can when you type in MPO it should actually pull up information NPM as a package manager
and it allows us to install things like reacted so that it's going to reach across the web and grab
the latest we are coding and it handles like dependencies that certain projects need.
So that's why we needed to install it.
No because we needed the tool.
So if you get information like this that means that you've installed PM and node correctly so you can
continue it 90 degrees and reinstall that so that you can get that working and the first thing we need
do inside this folder now is we're going to create an initialization file.
So and then it follow.
So let's go and do that.
Now we're going to say NPM and I'll make this a little better.
So you guys can see
all right so sit down here the search string is all right there you go.
So we're going to type them here which is short for initialization which is what we don't want to call
it re-act actually what just call a tutorial.
So that's the name of the project that I'm going to reference and what the say version 1.0 that's ok
I will say it works.
Yes.
Now here is the starting point for our STARTING POINT actually yes.
And don't worry about the test command or the great repository or keywords and I'll put my name in there
you can put your own name and it will get in my TV license and that's good.
All right so now that we've done that they created this package that a song folder.
Now in order to write code you're going to need to get a better editor and Visual Studio.
So unfortunately the support and Visual Studio at least for 2015 it certainly didn't work.
Let's go and try visual studio first and see how ugly it is.
But inside this art project folder inside the reactor you can see that there's nothing that looks like
there's nothing inside Rockfeller even though we can see that we just created a file called package
that Jason and and there but it's not showing up in Visual Studio the reason why you need to click this
little button at the top does it show all files and then you can see it showing you that this package
is some files in the project.
But because it's great like that it's not included in the project.
So in order to do that we want to right click and include in the project.
And the reason why certain files are included and not included is like you'll see in the second when
we go and install no that we don't necessarily want everything and all of these folders to be added
to our project and having you know Visual Studio have to keep track of the files and things like that.
And I'll explain that more in just a second or you'll see why.
But inside this package I sounds like this is going to be responsible for keeping track of all your
dependencies.
So when we install react react has dependencies on all kinds of other different projects that it's going
to install for us.
And that's why it makes that so much easier to get things like re-active working.
And so we'll see in just a second here that this is this file is going to grow as we install stuff.
So the first thing is let's go out and install a reactor and we're going to NPM install hyphen hyphen
where you say save and Aleksei react in space react to.
All right.
So once again this is reaching across the web it's going to install in all the different dependencies
and everything because we did save it's actually going to add those two things that we install to our
dependencies.
The location of this config file.
And that's why I was telling you that it keeps track of the versions that you have because if you have
Riak sixteen point two you can't have react sixteen point five or fourteen point something or another
you're going to have all kinds of problems.
But NPM is actually following the dependency structure pretty well.
So it handles all that for us.
Now what I want to show you because I was telling you about the reason why you don't want to have all
these files included in Visual Studio is now there's no modules folder which all these different things
got installed into.
And the reason why was because we install re-occupy re-act has all these weapons.
So all this stuff has to actually be downloaded as well in order for react to be able to work and react.
So even though we didn't say to install these things they did anyway because they need to be there in
order for react to work.
And if we go back to Visual Studio and we refreshed you can see the modules forward but I'm not going
to and include that one because there's just too much stuff in there I don't want Visual Studio keeping
track of Visual Studio is a memory pig so that thing can run out of memory at any random time and just
like crash happens all the time.
Ask any Windows developer.
I see another way that we need to go and install a few other things and these are our development tools
so instead of actually saying that the way dependencies are actually a development dependency as we're
working on this project so we're going to say him install and see because it's a development dependency
and save save instead of just save.
And now I need to add a battle for another.
It's confusing is the BS over here but it's core battle loader and they need to have a space between
all these things.
But hack for say Fauvel research and B and then Babel three said Riyadh's
All right that should be everything.
So we click enter it's going to go on install those as the development dependencies are going to pause
the video because that's a lot it's going to have to download a lot for that.
Next thing we need to do now is go ahead and we need to add a new file to the reactor folder called
our config file.
We're seeing right on the javascript file.
So you say well God can.
God yes so inside of here when to paste this answer just pause the video for Say him in Chicago don't
copy that she put in just a second copy.
What we're doing here is we're actually setting up this configuration file with packets going to use
and let's see
actually know that all of this should be fine.
The entry point is going to be our chess story and then we want our output to be.
And this distributor will keep the output like this.
Let's go ahead and test this out.
It was a new dodgiest file to this because that's going to be the starting point says entry point I
was looking for.
Actually has final insight here we're just going to use some sort of new standard some syntax.
This is a new feature
series.
So you want to write the latest javascript then you want to use keywords like Konstanz where aero functions
and things like that.
Some of the latest version or some of the latest standards are the jobs we're playing with it doesn't
it doesn't work and all the browser.
So that's why that was going to allow us to be able to write in the latest form of javascript which
includes classes and things like that.
And it's going to compile it or process it down to older javascript that still works in the browser
but it does it for us so we can still write modern javascript but have it work in older browsers and
that's why we're actually setting up all these tools.
You'll see also that it's actually it's pretty imperative that you have these tools in place because
most of the tutorials in the documentation you're going to see on re-act these days they're using classes
and things like that which means that you have to have that will.
And another thing too is when you're writing jazz that's not stuff it's got it's impossible to do any
of that stuff.
And just straight javascript I mean you have to be a ninja.
So we're going to using GSX and you'll see what that is.
And you know you're going to react and everything but the babble makes all that possible.
All right so let's go back to our packaged sound file what we need to do onto the scripts we need to
actually tell it how to execute that because we didn't install impact globally.
We want to get it here.
And this basically just tells of NPM hey I'm going to look inside my node modules folder from from the
same folder of where this config file is located.
So it just automatically knows to look in node modules for the well-packed that we install and not some
global version.
So that's why we're adding it to the script model here.
And if everything goes well we're going to see this and try to compile this and now we're going to say
NPRM run pack.
And it did not.
All right.
The reason why it's not working is our config file here.
I'm sorry I missed the module.
I was just copying this from the web page and when you say modularize for us I if you can see that Visual
Studio is even trying to warn me of that that it was complaining because in order for this file to actually
be usable by one that needs to be exported so it can import it.
All right let's go back here to try.
See now you can see that it did and went ahead and compile it put out the bundled Yes.
So we go inside here.
Refresh.
We're now going to have that.
There's another reason why you don't have to know my father.
Look at all the stuff that's now and I know there's a time but now you know this disk folder and we
do want the disks involved in the project something to say are included projects.
So inside here you can see this is a bundle file.
This was created for us by web pack.
And now this was just one pack that did it for us.
And you can see that it's still using cost and cost doesn't work and all the browsers so we didn't actually
use babbly Babble's not being used by well-packed So what we need to do now is add that portion to our
page.
All right so going to be copying this as well and we're after the output here.
Put a comma and a minute pases and we're adding this module and this actually tells it to use Babolat
we want to change a few things because we're not using Balram and I get them removed and we do want
to say use Battletoads.
Also this needs to be and this needs to be powerful prisa.
And if you remember earlier we installed that and we also installed react.
So we need to save babbel preset react and react uses a syntax called GSX which is like this hybrid
of HCM and Javascript.
And the thing is is that it has to be compiled to regular Javascript.
So Babbo can do that for you but you need to have a preset react and you need to tell them how to use
that and that's why we're actually setting that up here.
So this is not going to well should work.
Let's go ahead and check this out here.
I want to make sure there's no problems now when we run this with the config.
I know one thing that you'll notice it's actually annoying that we have to actually run this every time
we want to build it.
We'll see in just a moment that we can do something that continually have it watch for any changes that
we may think that will even do that now.
So it's hard for the modules as well.
I say when I say it was an true.
So now that we've gone out we go ahead and we've run our Instead of just stopping it is now waiting.
And if we look here let's go going to make a change so that what happens where I can pick up on it.
So watch on the left hand side.
So as we make it change here
I'm going out of control as the saver.
And you can see that has picked up on it and it really compiled and it now has a new bango file that
it's created and you can see that this is now out.
Now another thing you can tell the Babble's now working because it took out the constants keywords and
it's using the strict mode which this is all older versions of javascript that still work in the browser.
And that's why Babel.
You can see this now it's not compiling correctly for us now to see react in an example.
Let's go ahead and add something here.
And I'm just going to type and react to Tauriel because this isn't a specific way re-acting tutorials
set up at least at this point.
So when I use some of their getting started code to get our feet wet as well.
Right this is what I was looking for other documentation here.
What I do is I want to copy this file here or at least that portion and we're going to go to digest
and get rid of all of that.
And now we're going to save that.
Now this is the GSX code that I was telling you about the browser has no idea what the hell this is
and nor does javascript javascript and can't compile this.
But what it does is with the reactive development extension for example it's going to take this GSX
code and turn into regular javascript that's going to compile the javascript to the older javascript
so it does all that magic for us on the fly.
So if I go ahead and save it and you look inside the bundle file now you can see that there's quite
a bit more in here now than what we had before because all this stuff like it just went ahead and said
oh you're using react and all that stuff said OK now I need to bring in the right project I need to
bring in the reactor project and just a lot of stuff going on there.
Now this is an important part now in order for Iraq to actually be rendered what we need to do is we
need to say OK this document Dockett get element by the route we need to take note of that because what
we're going to do is add that ID to our Web page so that we can bind this component to the root node
and it's best to just give a demonstration.
So inside here is great credit where and we're on all this group and how they reacted.
Like you said it will render all its code inside this element.
Now we also need to say is
we need to add our our bundle file to this index file here in order for it to actually work.
So let's say as we say at symbol an intersection and if you remember from or lay out a section for the
footer was called scripts.
So that's what we're going to be standing here as we're in the safes section
it just like that.
And then inside here this is what we're going to do right in our bundle.
And you want to make sure it's in the script because with this Bondo you want to do it on every all
the elements everything alone before this file actually.
That's why we put it here just before the the closing about e-tag.
All right so now let's go ahead and run the project.
All right.
And we have hello world.
Now this is actually being rendered by reacts.
If I right click doctors at the bottom here you can see that the root now has this H-1 the hello world
that we added to it.
And that is all inside this right here.
So if we were to change this to something else we could do that.
In fact what we'll see in future trials I'm going to do on react.
There's quite a bit to do here now reality is now actually working.
So this is you know for example really of how you get along with re-act working.
And once again you guys tune into my story I'm going to go into the building quite a bit of stuff with
react but this whole initial set up some of the biggest pain I think to getting involved in a lot of
modern client side development these days the technology changes.
I've done videos on this subject.
Not even a year ago and they're already out of date so things just got to be so quick with some of this
stuff.
But the initial set up is generally the hardest part.
And then from there you can really start you know looking at a lot of examples online a lot of tutorials
like mine like books things like that that will really help you along because a lot of the syntax of
reactor itself isn't changing but the tools and everything you use for your project do change quite
a bit.
Now one thing I will suggest also when you're doing re-act development there is a Chrome extension and
you should check that out of this re-act developer tools.
You absolutely need it if you're going to use reductio.
You have to use that tool as well.
If you're just going to pull your hair out with some of the debugging things you don't make your life
any more difficult than it has to be when you're dealing with some of the stuff like that this is going
to make your life easier.
Now let's see I could probably close this town
right now if we right clicking means that we now have this re-act component and you can see re-act tells
you oh hey I have one component which is just a typical H-1 and you can see it's children on the props
and it's kind of small but this is going to help you a great deal and you'll see when I started doing
the reactor Royal all alone as your stuff gets more and more complicated this is an absolute must.
Seriously guys thanks for watching.
Subscribe for more of this stuff and have a good day.
Take care.
Bye.
Hey guys.
So this video was brought to you by the Tech Academy to make sure you guys check them out.
The link is in the description tab below from the Course list here the computer basics overall software
development good HMO five CSSA database.
And there is a lot more courses in writing courses all the time to make sure you guys give them a look
once again and the link is in the description tab below.
Thanks guys.
Have a good day.